c:\users\v-wuwa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenIot\OpenIot\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\v-wuwa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenIot\OpenIot\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\v-wuwa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenIot\OpenIot\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\v-wuwa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenIot\OpenIot\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\v-wuwa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenIot\OpenIot\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\v-wuwa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenIot\OpenIot\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\v-wuwa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenIot\OpenIot\Bin\Debug\OpenIot.dll
c:\users\v-wuwa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenIot\OpenIot\Bin\Debug\OpenIot.pdb
c:\users\v-wuwa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenIot\OpenIot\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\v-wuwa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenIot\OpenIot\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\v-wuwa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenIot\OpenIot\Bin\Debug\OpenIot_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\v-wuwa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenIot\OpenIot\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\v-wuwa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenIot\OpenIot\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\v-wuwa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenIot\OpenIot\obj\Debug\OpenIot.g.resources
c:\users\v-wuwa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenIot\OpenIot\obj\Debug\OpenIot.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\v-wuwa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenIot\OpenIot\obj\Debug\OpenIot.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\v-wuwa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenIot\OpenIot\obj\Debug\OpenIot.dll
c:\users\v-wuwa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenIot\OpenIot\obj\Debug\OpenIot.pdb
c:\users\v-wuwa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenIot\OpenIot\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\v-wuwa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenIot\OpenIot\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\v-wuwa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenIot\OpenIot\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\v-wuwa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenIot\OpenIot\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\v-wuwa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenIot\OpenIot\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\v-wuwa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenIot\OpenIot\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\v-wuwa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenIot\OpenIot\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\v-wuwa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenIot\OpenIot\obj\Debug\OpenIot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\v-wuwa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenIot\OpenIot\obj\Debug\Page1.g.cs
C:\Users\v-wuwa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OpenIot\OpenIot\obj\Debug\MotionPage.g.cs
